well at least 1,400 people were killed
in last week's attack by Hamas in
southern Israel and as we've been
hearing six were British among the
missing are two British teenage sisters
as Lucy Manning
reports Noya 16 on the left yel 13 on
the right now missing after the Hamas
attack on
Israel in between them their mom lean
murdered by Hamas
all are British Leanne's family said she
led a beautiful life and enriched the
lives of all those lucky enough to have
known and loved her she was a beloved
daughter sister mother and Aunt the
girl's dad Ellie is also missing this is
what happened to an entire family in
Israel they lived on kibot beeri where
the murderous gunman slaughtered so
many
NOA is 16 years old she was
happiness and she like
to her hobbies to like she likes to cook
yeah she was a funny girl she
was all all the time she like to hear
music and singing for us dancing natanel
young also British also murdered by
Hamas his brother Elliot remembers a
20-year-old who was a Londoner a music
lover a proud Jew
natanel uh you know he just loved life
he um had a lot of respect for my uh
parents he uh wanted to um keep his
people safe and defend this country
we're all just broken it's we're still
coming to terms with the news what will
you miss about natanel the last time I
saw him was uh exactly a week before he
was killed by the Hamas terrorist um and
I think if I look back at that day it's
his um infectious smile at the funeral
on Monday the morning interrupted Air
Raid Sirens pierced The Grieving as
mourners were forced onto the cemetery
ground to shield from incoming Hamas
missiles it was terrifying
and you know the the thing obviously
that went through my head is the fact
that you know even
even while I'm trying to say goodbye to
my brother um they're trying to kill me
it was very scary especially considering
um what we've been through and that my
parents who live in London had just
arrived in Israel to bury their son
natanel just one of
1,400 murdered by Hamas in one day Lucy
Manning BBC
News